Update DeveloperGuide.md (#171)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T17-2/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

The ***Architecture Diagram*** given above explains the high-level design of the App.

A quick overview of main components and how they interact with each other is given below.

> #### **Main components of the architecture**

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be better to remove `h4` here? The original one may be better?

<img width="1582" alt="Screenshot 2022-11-07 at 9 47 35 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/97275050/200210220-b8298208-1ddf-45bb-956b-d62a917ae7c6.png">

> #### **Main components of the architecture**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Main components of the architecture**
```

* At app launch: Initializes the components in the correct sequence, and connects them up with each other.
* At shut down: Shuts down the components and invokes cleanup methods where necessary.

> [**`Commons`**](#common-classes) represents a collection of classes used by (multiple) other components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**`Commons`**](#common-classes) represents a collection of classes used by multiple other components.
```

* [**`Model`**](#model-component): Holds the data of the App in memory.
* [**`Storage`**](#storage-component): Reads data from, and writes data to, the hard disk.

> #### **How the architecture components interact with each other**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**How the architecture components interact with each other**
```

Same as above.

All these, including the `MainWindow`, inherit from the abstract `UiPart` class which captures
the commonalities between classes that represent parts of the visible GUI.

The `UI` component uses the JavaFx UI framework. The layout of these UI parts are defined in the matching `.fxml` files that
are found in the `src/main/resources/view` folder. For example, the layout of
the [`MainWindow`](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T17-2/tp/blob/master/src/main/java/seedu/nutrigoals/ui/MainWindow.java)
is specified
in [`MainWindow.fxml`](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T17-2/tp/blob/master/src/main/resources/view/MainWindow.fxml)

The `UI` component:

* executes user commands using the `Logic` component.

> * looks out for changes to data in `Model` so that the UI can be updated with the modified data.

Reviewer: Perhaps it would be better to use `listens` rather than `look out`

```suggestion
* listens for changes to data in `Model` so that the UI can be updated with the modified data.
```

How the parsing works:

* When called upon to parse a user command, the `NutriGoalsParser` class creates an `XYZCommandParser` (`XYZ` is a

>   placeholder for the specified command name e.g., `AddCommandParser`). This new class then uses the other classes shown above to parse

Reviewer 2: Should it be "The `XYZCommandParser` object" instead of "This new class"? Since we're referring to the `XYZCommandParser` object created, not the class? 🤔

Author: Yes, can be added for clarity.

>   placeholder for the specified command name e.g., `AddCommandParser`). This new class then uses the other classes shown above to parse
>   the user command and create a `XYZCommand` object (e.g., `AddCommand`) which `NutriGoalsParser` then returns as

Reviewer: What new class are you referring to here?

```suggestion
  placeholder for the specific command name e.g., `AddCommandParser`) which uses the other classes shown above to parse 
  the user command and create a `XYZCommand` object (e.g., `AddCommand`) which the `NutriGoalsParser` returns back as
```

Author: Suggestion might make the sentence too long and unreadable, better to split into smaller sentences.
The use of 'return back' is also grammatically incorrect.

<img src="images/ModelClassDiagram.png" width="550" />

The `Model` component:

* stores NutriGoals' data, which includes the following:
  * a `FoodList` object that contains all `Food` objects

>   * a `List` of `Location` object that represents the locations of NUS gyms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * a `List` of `Location` objects that represent the locations of NUS gyms
```

There are multiple `Location` objects in the code.

Step 1. The user launches the application on 19 October 2022.

> Step 2. The user inputs `profile`, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`. `NutriGoals#parseCommand()` is subsequently called, creating a `ProfileCommand` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2. The user executes `profile`, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`. `NutriGoals#parseCommand()` is subsequently called, creating a `ProfileCommand` object.
```

It sounds a bit weird to say "inputs profile command".

2. milk tea: 300 calories, lunch
3. sushi: 500 calories, lunch

> Step 2. The user inputs `edit 2 n/honey milk tea c/310`, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2. The user executes `edit 2 n/honey milk tea c/310`, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`.
```

Step 1. The user launches the application on 19 October 2022. `NutriGoals` initially displays all foods added on the
current day, 19 October 2022.

> Step 2. The user inputs `list 2022-07-29` command, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2. The user executes `list 2022-07-29` command, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`.
```

Step 1. The user launches the application.

> Step 2. The user inputs `find Banana` command, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2. The user executes `find Banana` command, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`.
```

Step 1. The user launches the application today.

> Step 2. The user inputs `target 2103`, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step 2. The user executes `target 2103`, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`. 
```

2. chicken rice: 702 kcal
3. wanton noodles: 409 kcal

> Step 2. The user inputs `review` command, creating a `ReviewCommand` object. 

Reviewer: Same as above.

Step 1. The user launches the application today.

> Step 2. The user inputs `suggest` command, creating a `SuggestCommand` object.

Reviewer: Same as above.

Step 1. The user launches the application.

> Step 2. The user inputs `locate CLB`, which calls `LogicManager#execute()`. `NutriGoals#parseCommand()` is subsequently called, creating a `LocateGymCommand` object.

Reviewer: Same as above.
